INTRODUCTION
In the following assignment you are required to implement a simple version of the game “Set”.
A description of the original game can be found here: Set Card Game. For reference only, you
can also watch the next video for a more intuitive understanding of the game: How to play Set
(keep in mind though, that we use slightly different rules in our implementation).
All of the UI (User Interface), graphics, keyboard handling, etc. were already written for you -
you only need to implement the game logic parts.

OUR VERSION OF THE GAME
The game contains a deck of 81 cards. Each card contains a drawing with four features (color,
number, shape, shading).
The game starts with 12 drawn cards from the deck that are placed on a 3x4 grid on the table.
The goal of each player is to find a combination of three cards from the cards on the table that
are said to make up a “legal set”.
A “legal set” is defined as a set of 3 cards, that for each one of the four features — color,
number, shape, and shading — the three cards must display that feature as either: (a) all the
same, or: (b) all different (in other words, for each feature the three cards must avoid having
two cards showing one version of the feature and the remaining card showing a different
version).
The possible values of the features are:
▪ The color: red, green or purple.
▪ The number of shapes: 1, 2 or 3.
▪ The geometry of the shapes: squiggle, diamond or oval.
▪ The shading of the shapes: solid, partial or empty.
The game's active (i.e., initiate events) components contain the dealer and the players.
The players play together simultaneously on the table, trying to find a legal set of 3 cards. They
do so by placing tokens on the cards, and once they place the third token, they should ask the
dealer to check if the set is legal.
If the set is not legal, the player gets a penalty, freezing his ability of removing or placing his
tokens for a specified time period.
If the set is a legal set, the dealer will discard the cards that form the set from the table, replace
them with 3 new cards from the deck and give the successful player one point. In this case the
player also gets frozen although for a shorter time period.
To keep the game more interesting and dynamic, and in case no legal sets are currently available
on the table, once every minute the dealer collects all the cards from the table, reshuffles the
deck and draws them anew.
The game will continue as long as there is a legal set to be found in the remaining cards (that are
either on table or in the deck). When there is no legal set left, the game will end and the player
with the most points will be declared as the winner!