TFTP Protocol
The extended TFTP supports various commands for receiving and uploading files.
Upon connecting, a client must specify their username using a Login command. The nickname must be unique and
cannot be changed after it is set. Once the command is sent, the server will reply on the validity of the username.
Once a user is logged in successfully, he can submit commands which deal with file transferring
General Description
In this assignment, you will implement an extended TFTP (Trivial File Transfer Protocol) server and client. the
TFTP server is a file transfer protocol allowing multiple users to upload and download files from the server and
announce when files are added or deleted to the server. The communication between the server and the client(s) will
be performed using a binary communication protocol, which will support the upload, download, and lookup of files.
Please read the entire document before starting.
The implementation of the server will be based on the Thread-Per-Client (TPC) servers taught in class, any time
the server receives a message from a client it can replay back to the client itself. But what if we want to send messages
between clients, or broadcast an announcement to all the clients? The first part of the assignment will be to replace
some of the current interfaces with new interfaces that will allow such a case (as described in Section 4.3). Note
that this part changes the server pattern and must not know the specific protocol it is running. The current server
pattern also works that way (Generics and interfaces).
To get you started, we supply a few examples for different protocols and clients, the most complete ones being
newsfeed and echo, we recommend you go over them. Specifically.
The original TFTP protocol is based on UDP. Since our servers are TCP based, we altered the original protocol.
NOTE: The examples protocol doesn’t use a bi-directional message-passing interface. When you start
modifying the server to use bi-directional message-passing they will not compile anymore and you can
delete them.